= Loldesign Publisher

== About
Loldesign Publisher gem has the feature to make changes to views in order to leave it more enjoyable, also providing a laterally administrative menu.

This version suport Rails > 5.0, for older version use branch __under_rails_5__
---
=== Getting Started
Open +Gemfile+ file and add gem to project:
 gem "loldesign_publisher", '~> 2.0'

Run command:
 $ bundle install
---
=== Installing
+Loldesign Publisher+ gem depends of configuration files that are not automatically
installed by default when you run the bundle install.

You must run the following command to
enable gem:
 rails generate loldesign_publisher:install

Run the command above to make available the function that allows
to controllers inherit of LoldesignPublisher::PublisherController to
views use.
---
=== Customize the Left Menu
Will be available in the config folder the file: +loldesign_publisher.yml+

This file contains the following code:
  paths:
    logo:   'loldesign_publisher/logo.svg'
    logout: 'javascript://'

    menu_links:
      banners:
        name: 'Banner Home'
        path: users_path
      recipes:
        name: 'Recipes'
        path: recipes_path
      schedules:
        name: 'Schedule / Cources'
        path: schedules_path

  page_title: 'Loldesign Publisher'


* logo: 'loldesign_publisher/logo.svg', It is the path to image above the side menu
* logout: 'javascript://', Is used to end the session by default is disabled, to enable it is necessary to use the devise gem for user authentication.
* menu_links:, From menu_links are available blocks of code in which banners is the controller's name, but without the rest of the name, example: banners_controller.rb, the name is fictitious banners in your project, you must enter the corresponding names to their controllers.
* name: 'Banner Home', It's receive one of any name your choice for the menu link.
* path: users_path, Receives the route by which you want the link to answer.
* page_title: 'Loldesign Publisher', The string specified here will be the name that is displayed in the browser tab.

---
=== Enable Loldesign Publisher

Add to controller:
 class NameOfController < LoldesignPublisher::PublisherController
---
== Helpers
=== Building Index Page
* Title
 <%= title_page "Title of Page" %>
	It is a function that takes a string as a parameter, a string is automatically formatted and aligned as the title of the page in question.
* Subtitle
 subtitle: 'Subtitle of Page'
It's a minor title. It should be added in the same line as the title page, and separated only by commas.
* Add Resource
 add_resource 'New Button', path_to_url
This helper create a button that lead the User to the desired path
* Implementing Table #1
 <table class='table-page'> content of table </table>
This HTML tag when added to any table, causes it to be automatically formatted, both the HTML and CSS.
* Implementing Table #2
 <%= display_list_for(@examples, fields: 5) %>
This ruby code list every registration, separate by lines, the part of the code @examples renders the partial +_example.html.erb+ from the controller and need to have the same name as the controller.
The parameter +fields+ with the number 5, is the number of fields in the table, even when there is not any, it merges the 5 existing columns or not, and displays the message "No records found".
* Implement Table #3 (partial)
Using the example given above.
Creates a button to edit the record
 <%= edit_resource edit_example_path(example) %>
Creates a button to remove the record
 <%= remove_resource(example_path(example), {})%>
---
=== Examples
These examples below uses the model user, and address the helper listed above previously.
 ---Index.html.erb---
 <%= title_page 'Title Page', subtitle: 'Subtitle' %>

 <%= add_resource 'Add New User', new_user_path %>

 <%= render partial: 'filters_by_from_to' %>

 <table class='table-page'>
   <thead>
     <tr>
       <th>Name</th>
       <th>Active</th>
       <th>&nbsp;</th>
     </tr>
   </thead>
   <tbody>
     <%= display_list_for(@users, fields: 3) %>
   </tbody>
 </table>

---
 ---_user.html.erb---
 <tr>
   <td><%= user.name %></td>
   <td><%= activable_field_for(user) %></td>
   <td>
     <%= edit_resource   edit_user_path(user) %>
     <%= remove_resource(user_path(user), {})%>
     <%= show_resource_with_icon user_path(user) %>
   </td>
 </tr>

---
== Building _form.html.erb
In the _form.html.erb we create a formulary with one or two columns, as we put the fields to be filled.
* simple_form_for
Within this ruby code goes all the contents of the form
 <%= simple_form_for @user, html: {class: 'form-uppercase admin-user-form'} do |f| %>
   content of form
 <% end %>

* Section with one or two columns
Within this html tag goes article and fields necessary for the construction of _form.
 <section class='two-columns'>
 <!-- <section class='column'> -->
   content of section
 </section>

* Articles
You will need one or two article in you section
 <article>
   fields of the form
 </article>

* Footer
The footer creates two buttons one to save and one to cancel the session.
<footer>
  <%= submit_button f %>
  <%= cancel_action(path: users_path) %>
</footer>
---
=== Examples
Here is an code with the examples above:

<%= simple_form_for @user, html: {class: 'form-uppercase admin-user-form'} do |f| %>
  <section class='fields-wrapper two-columns'>
    <header>
      <h2>User Info</h2>
    </header>
    <article>
      <%= f.input :name, wrapper_html: {class: 'col-9'} %>
      <%= f.input :name, label: "CPF", input_html: {class: 'cpf'} %>
      <%= f.input :email , wrapper_html: {class: 'col-9'} %>
      <%= f.input :password, wrapper_html: {class: 'col-9'} %>
      <%= f.input :name, label: "Date", input_html: {class: 'date'}%>
    </article>
    <article>
      <%= f.input :description%>
      <%= f.label :active, label: 'Status'%>
      <%= f.input :active %>
      <%= f.input :password, wrapper_html: {class: 'col-9'} %>
    </article>
  </section>

  <footer>
    <%= submit_button f %>
    <%= cancel_action(path: users_path) %>
  </footer>
<% end -%>

---
You can find a real example working inside are engine (https://github.com/loldesign/loldesign_publisher/tree/master/spec/dummy)
It's a real project, you can clone loldesign_publishe and run with ```rails s```

---
contiuar:
loldesign_publisher:install /
loldesign_publisher:mailer_config /
loldesign_publisher:views
---
endereços uteis:
https://bitbucket.org/loldesign/loldesign_publisher/src/8aa1fd8d9650/app/?at=master
---
https://bitbucket.org/loldesign/lol_crud_generator/src
---




= LoldesignPublisher

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.
